how to cook different dishes from all
over the world but they're just
basic dishes from those countries so i
don't know that
it's really like anything special
when are you moving to georgia and when
will you vote
off i don't know about moving to georgia
um i don't know about that
can you explain your plans for the stack
of window panes
i could use them so those were in the
shop when we got the property
now when i the original plan was i was
going to use them in a greenhouse
but it's it's been a while and i have
been pretty preoccupied
how did you and your lovely wife meet i
just said
uh how can workers
unionize uh the same way they have
throughout history
i mean there there's there are tried and
true methods
for this i would suggest checking out
working stiff usa
on youtube
what's your favorite holiday food those
ridiculously bad for you over
processed sugary christmas trees from
little dabby
do you trim your own beard and if you do
do you have any tips for someone who
hasn't
and is tired of waiting to go to the
barber
i do get a good wireless trimmer
and just do it and understand it's going
to grow back right away
i mean i my beard grows very quickly
so if i mess up if something happens
it's fixed in like two days because it
grows back
more questions about the windows
did you win a youtube plaque uh i got
one
at a hundred thousand subscribers um
i think the next one isn't until there's
a million i don't
i don't know maybe there's one for five
hundred 000.
my husband wants to know how the birds
get into your garage
so the the where i normally film is a
shop
it's freestanding it's a freestanding
building and it is designed to let heat
out so there's a gap that birds
or squirrels or snakes or whatever
often come in it's like noah's ark out
there at times
that's why we don't live stream out
there is it's so far away from the house
the wi-fi doesn't reach
so
what is your favorite animated feel good
movie
uh right now frozen two is one that i'm
watching a lot because of my daughter
but in in general i like
almost all of them they're they
they can help you get in a mood that is
better than the one you were in
so
corded or cordless power tools cordless
do the video wrapped in christmas tree
lights and they have to be on
i wish i had seen this earlier i would
have done that uh
growing up what was the first t-shirt
you went and bought for yourself
not by not bought by a parent i
don't know but probably like a nirvana
t-shirt or something like that
how often do your kids respond with it's
just a thought
more than i would like them to
and generally it's when they've got me
and they know they've got me
do you read all of your patreon and
twitter messages what is the best way to
message you
the fastest way to message me is
via twitter however it may get
missed
between instagram and twitter and
facebook and patreon no joke i get
400 messages a day i try to get through
as many of them as i can
i can't get through all of them patreon
i sit down about once a week and try to
answer
as many of them as i can so there's
dedicated time for that
everything else is hit and miss twitter
is something that i use
in my downtime so
it may be that it's easier to reach me
through that
once it's safe to travel again is there
any place special you want to go
all over the united states
everywhere um i do not
like not traveling that that is the one
thing that is truly
truly starting to grade on my nerves
about all of this um
so can you please show us a better view
of your t-shirts
in your videos i've tried to figure out
a way to do it
without making it weird um
standing further back it messes up the
entire framing
and it's it just it doesn't look right
um stepping back in the middle of it
if i remember to do it sometimes i do or
i will raise up
so you can see the bottom text um
but on the second channel the framing
will be different
and it'll be shot from different angles
inside the shop when we're there so
you'll get to see more of it
and some of it is full length so you'll
be able to see some of the shirts
let's see do you have a favorite suite
for your stocking stuffer
you know those like horrible trash
chocolate
santas i actually really like those or
the ones that taste like
nestle crunch bars how much do you love
your beard and why is it so madness what
really makes you laugh
i've heard a snicker but never a belly
laugh my kids
make me laugh a lot all the time
why don't kids understand that santa
prefers tacos
we haven't educated them properly what's
your favorite kind of milkshake
the oreo one at sonic
how do i explain to a right libertarian
yellow and black that his position is
self-defeating
um
so when you get somebody on the right
who is willing to embrace
anti-authoritarianism asking them to
give up their economic system at the
exact
same time maybe a little much
it might be better to try to move them
to a
a centrist market type
um but not outright capitalism
and go from there you are asking a lot
for people to reject
the idea of the state and the economic
system they're familiar with at the same
time
some people need more stepping stones
than that as far as
explaining that it's self-defeating just
carry it to its logical conclusion
um eventually power
wealth will consolidate and
you can try to provide examples of that
happening but it doesn't matter
what you say this person will probably
say that's not capitalism that's
corporatism
and technically that that's actually a
true answer
in most cases at the same time i
don't know that it would vary the
outcome um
do this video in santa cosplay
do you have i don't want to be ignorant
of this books podcast okay so i put
something together
on amazon and then some news broke and i
didn't want to use amazon
i i'll find another way to to put that
together
um
what do you see being the biggest
benefits of artificial intelligence and
machine learning in war
okay so i've heard a whole lot of
benefits i think it's people looking for
benefits because it
is terribly efficient
which is generally a bad thing i think
the main benefit would be
that theoretically there would be less
civilians
injured but
i would say that over time the true
benefit would be that it is going to
become so
costly that
nation-states won't want to engage in it
it kind of that mutually assured
destruction thing from the cold war
do you enjoy hunting not really um
i'm like that guy from the redneck
comedy tour it is really
early really cold and i do not want to
go
when i was younger i did um
but it definitely lost its appeal to me
is that a metal roof yes can we see it
from the outside
how do you like it uh it withstood
michael i mean
there there's not much of a a stronger
endorsement than that
it was stood a category five okay
dress like santa
all i want for christmas is a bow video
about how moana is the greatest disney
princess
she's not a princess she's a daughter of
the chief okay
there's breaking the law
breaking the only wall imposed by the
state to solve a food insecurity
disaster kind of seems like your bag
yeah that is totally on brand for me um
yeah that's a video that's going to get
made that'll happen
are you in favor of abolishing political
parties
yes once the average voter is
more willing to keep an eye on their rap
tom hanks versus denzel washington who's
the better actor
depends on whether you want a good good
guy or
an anti-hero
good good guys obviously tom hanks the
anti-heroes denzel washington i i
as far as better actor i would suggest
it is harder to
pull off a role like man on fire
than a lot of tom hanks's roles um
and to see you know man on fire is a
true story happened in italy though
anyway
so i would say i guess denzel washington
better actor
um
let's see lots of questions about my
t-shirts
do you watch sports if so what are your
teams
i will watch a game socially i don't
really follow sports
i owe some loyalty to the gators
do you condition your beard no
can we see your dogs more yes
try to figure out a way to do that
introduce us to your pets
which include the kinds that live and
barge that's going to happen eventually
we'll do maybe do something on horseback
tell us your
celebrity crush that just seems like a
bad idea
let's see
about a time i got in trouble that
wasn't
okay um a time i got in trouble
i was sitting okay so my wife's pregnant
and i don't remember what it was that
she wanted
but it was at walmart and i had to go
get it and for some reason
the store was close i think there was
actually a protest earlier there
earlier in the day there and i'm sitting
outside waiting for them to open because
i know it's going to be relatively soon
and a cop walks up and
demands my id i'm sitting in my car and
he's like i need to see your id and i'm
like no you don't
and he's like yeah i do like no you
you really don't and we have a back and
forth for a few moments
and he's like you don't want to go to
jail over this and i'm like you don't
know that
i really might you know i've got a whole
bunch of kids and a pregnant wife i can
totally use a good night's sleep right
now
and at this point is when the sergeant
walks up
who had met me working covering
the protest over john crawford and
he he kind of pulled the pulled the cop
away but that that turned
that was probably something that would
have turned ugly at some point
give me your hope and dreams for 20
years from now
uh i want to run a facility like
highlander folk academy
like the highlander folk school in
tennessee and that's what i would like
to do
that wasn't personal that was about the
nation uh who is president don't know
how's the racial divide in 20 years i
would hope
a whole lot better healthcare it's the
united states so we probably still won't
have it
immigration i don't think we have a
choice on this one
um i think climate migration is going to
force
us to change our views on it and we will
become more accepting
or we will end up being a country that
is sanctioned
boxers or brief boxers basic
ifax suggestions that's an individual
first aid kit
um things that may or may not be in
yours just always make sure you have a
tourniquet
a good one um you know one of the the
black nylon ones with the
spinning handle and then i would uh
maybe chest chest chest seals
and i don't know if it's a medical
device or not so i don't know if you can
get them but uh chest decompression
needles and if you have one make sure
you know how to use it
don't just get it and stick it in your
bag and not know what you're doing
definitely go through whatever
certification process
it takes for your use of that to be
legal but that is something that
it's one of those things that if you
don't have it there's a negative outcome
um so that those would be things that i
would look into but i'm
i'm not sure if the decompression
things are medical devices that are
regulated or not
you'd have to look into that um
which of the 50 united states do you
think is in general most in line with
our the community's values the most
actually progressive leftist state as
much as we
might even have something by that
description
would depend on what you mean
by leftist um
depending on whether you mean the
government or the people
here in in this part of florida
as red as it is the
individual person behaves in a very
leftist manner
um although they
they probably all have bumper stickers
about how much they dislike socialism
the way they actually behave is
something else
as far as the government
massachusetts i don't know i don't know
who what inspired you to be the power
um the powerhouse journalist
you are today yeah i don't think that's
an accurate description at
all um
i think that i take a lot of my
influence from
orwell thompson hunter s thompson
people like that people who used fiction
to get to truth
in their journalism
do your kids help out with some of your
mutual aid how much do you recommend
kids be
involved in direct action um depends on
the type
it depends on the type if it is
something where you are out doing
something that is objectively good and
will not run afoul of law enforcement
sure bring your kids
if not then don't my kids
do go with me at times in fact
there's a video called a tale of two
neighborhoods
my kids were with me through that entire
story
you can say you you say you can go
without sleeping is this a technique
learn to best utilize
time or are you one of those people that
can live off of a couple hours
i've always been able to
uh not sleep a lot
i've never actually required a lot of
sleep but as i get
older it's even less i honestly don't
think it's a technique i think it's like
ptsd
i don't think it's a good thing i'm sure
it will catch up with me at some point
i hope this isn't too serious
favorite gun um
[Music]
you know the whole community has changed
a lot since i
carried or owned i i'm
kind of stereotypical um let's see
an older white guy from the south yeah i
carried in 1911.
um was a big fan of the usp and its big
brother
as far as uh
larger stuff uh i was a fan of the mp5
a real big fan of the k version
um i think
as far as fun i really liked the l1a one
i wouldn't want to carry it i wouldn't
want to actually use it
in any kind of situation where it's
designed to be used
but it's it's a very unique
fun weapon to shoot
so
when the rona era is over where would
you like to go on vacation
and why
puerto rico puerto rico my wife hasn't
been and
and yeah
since you mentioned jaywalking in a
recent post perhaps an explainer
that's a good video that
not getting into now but that's a good
video idea
do you have or have you had a motorcycle
i do not
because i'm one of those people that
tends to
[Music]
get lost in my own thoughts at times and
that doesn't lend itself well to riding
a bike
i can ride but i'm i'm i'm a menace
i should i shouldn't um
how would you define healthy masculinity
years ago i had a japanese an older
japanese man
explain an art concept to me i have a
video on it i'll try to find him put
below
um and i think that's a good way to look
at it
it's understated subtle
um imperfect
i'll find the video
do you have a blooper video i've put a
couple on twitter
over you know over the months or years
or whatever it is now
um normally it's when i get fired up and
some language slips out
at some point maybe we'll start
saving some of those to put them
together on a reel
in one video but as it is once i'm done
recording
i i don't save them so the the
the outtakes they're they're gone
forever
with the clothing industry typically
having horrible conditions for workers
why don't you get your merch from a
place which is
open about where they get their clothing
um my understanding is that
they get it from tennessee my
understanding is that they're a very
ethical company if you know something i
don't please
let me know
that's surprising so yeah definitely
if you know something about them that i
don't
let me know
if you were president what would your
main priority or priorities be
foreign policy immigration things like
that
shifting our role in the world from
being the world's policeman to being the
world's emt
downsizing the military stuff like this
and i know most people would want to
focus on domestic issues
first i would point out that if we focus
on changing our role overseas
there's gonna be boat loads more money
um and we can reprioritize a lot of
resources so i think that that would
need to be curtailed first so that's
where i would
probably start like to hear about the
connections between video content
and you're wearing beatles t-shirts
normally when i'm wearing a shirt from a
band it is there is a connection to a
specific song that they have done
in the video not necessarily the shirt
or the band name
the beatles are a little bit different
because a lot of times i will be talking
about something from the united kingdom
and i have a beetle shirt that has a
union jack on it
request for channel recommendations i
will set up
the the channel recommendations for on
youtube
so you guys can click the tab and see
the ones that i listen to because
there's a whole bunch
out there that don't get
they don't get the attention they should
like you know people are mentioning ed
trevor's
um because yeah and it but there's a
whole bunch of people like that
that i think y'all would like
but because of their appearance or
the graphics that they use you'd
probably skip right over them
uh kind of like with me initially you
know people look at me and they're like
yeah this guy is about to say some
racist
stuff you know um and there are
people who have that visual appearance
or
not necessarily that one but have some
other stereotypical
visual appearance that people may just
skip right over them because of that
and they they have a lot of good
information
how long have you had the beard off and
on like forever
i think the last time i had a total
shave was in like 2008
can we acknowledge that not all military
members
are heroes not all need to be thanked
for their service and not
all are good people this is coming from
someone who
is who served 12 years and it is and is
a disabled combat vat
um on this channel i don't think that's
a point that needs to be made i think
most people who
watch who are watching this completely
understand the military is a massive
organization
and there are good and bad people in it
and there are outright horrible people
in the military
and that's before you even get into
politics
and the in the the actual
outcomes of military service and its use
and all of that stuff
just on a personal level there's gonna
be good and bad people everywhere
with whom would you most want to have
dinner and a conversation with living or
dead marilyn monroe
how does one build international
solidarity by showing it first
and when it comes to that the ball is in
the court of the people in the united
states
i don't know that we do enough to speak
out for countries that are victimized by
our foreign policy
and i think that would be a good place
to start
is santa claus real yes
what is ms beau's idea of an ideal
christmas dinner spread
green beet casserole ham stuffing mashed
potatoes pumpkin pie
i think that's i don't know i'm sure
there's other stuff that i'm missing
what youtube creator whom you haven't
already collaborated with would you like
to work with
in the future bailey sarin in fact we
i reached out to her in the middle of
october and if you don't know she does
like a true crime series
um that's like around halloween is like
not a good time for her
and then we've had the election since
then so
i'm gonna have to reach back out she's
somebody
i'm dying to know how she does her
research
um and i think that most people on this
channel would enjoy her content
with all the charity work you do was
there ever a time that stands out as a
particularly happy moment
like a moment that reminds you of why
you do it um
i don't know if this will qualify as
charity work in most people's minds
there was a group of people that had
recently come to the united states and i
went
with these these older men and they were
coming from
a pretty uh a country that had seen a
lot of trouble
and we went to walmart and seeing grown
men cry over an abundance of
produce was definitely something that
will probably always stick with me
what local dish restaurant would you
miss the most
if you ever moved away from the area the
doughnut hole
they have a plate there called the diet
plate which is not
for anybody on a diet it's a giant pile
of breakfast food
so
and meguiars as well would be another
good one
let's see
if you can make a curious george episode
what would
be the plot the message the actual story
of curious george because it's awesome i
don't know how
you would uh actually make that into a
curious george episode but somehow
bring the the history of that character
to life because
when you first see it you might have
a very wrong impression of where it came
from
i did until i found out the story uh i
did a video on this i'll try to drop
that below too um
so if you and beau's wife are in north
carolina would you ever consider
stopping by for a caribbean
meal uh yeah always
uh
oh this idea
what's your favorite dinosaur
the scrapodactyl
yeah um
yeah i'm going to say the the raptor to
be honest
um and mainly based off of
the the ideas the image put forth in the
jurassic park where they're really smart
i i don't know
do you put any faith in the character
assessments made by your dogs
more than you can possibly imagine um
yeah if especially destro
if destroyed doesn't like you i just
assume you are a horrible human being
um
do you have any animals i have two dogs
and
a couple horses
so and i'm i'm actually sure there's
probably other animals that my wife has
picked up along the way that
i don't even know about
hey not safe for work blooper reel
what is the most what is the funniest or
most embarrassing thing that has
happened to you while filming
um recently and i actually caught it
before it went out
recently my stomach was growling i
filmed something and my stomach was
growling and i didn't think the mic
would pick it up
but it was so loud like
like i actually we i re-shot the video
after